


#Overview

In this assignment, I built a basic professional portfolio site using HTML/CSS in accordance with a style guide and template to replace a layout.

This is my first homework assignment as a web designer which focused on the front end segment of design.

##Design Requirements for Homework listed below:
```
###Recommended Assignment - That Portfolio Though
IMPORTANT Your site's layout must match the designs in these screenshots. You'll find the specs for these designs below.
The content for the index.html should be unique to you.

Write a paragraph or two about yourself. Make it fun, show your personality!
The main logo where it says "Your Name" should say your name. This may make the logo section smaller or wider depending on how long your name is—that is fine and expected.

After all of your HTML is written, you can begin styling your pages using the style.css file you created.

Additional Specifcations

Colors Pro-tip: Use the Eye Dropper Chrome extension to find the colors used on web pages.

Teal color (used for headings and backgrounds): #4aaaa5

Regular font color (used for paragraphs and all text besides the headings): #777777

Main header background color: #ffffff

Main header border color: #cccccc

Footer background color: #666666

Main content background color: #ffffff

Main content border color: #dddddd

Fonts:
For heading fonts use font-family: 'Georgia', Times, Times New Roman, serif;.
For all other fonts use 'Arial', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, sans-serif;.

Profile Image Found on index.html:
Use a picture of yourself.
If you don't have a picture, you can grab a placeholder image from LoremPixel. Save the images to your images folder.

Portfolio Images:
Placeholder images can be found at LoremPixel.
Save the images to your images folder.

Background Images:
The background pattern used was found on Subtle Patterns. You can browse through that site and find whichever pattern you like.

Dimensions:
The entire content and the main section content area is 960px wide.

Bonus
Make your pages more sophisticated by adding style to text links, to image links, and to buttons for when a user hovers their cursor over them. A CSS hover tutorial can be found here.
You can use Adobe Kuler to find colors that match the theme (in this case, the primary color is Teal #4aaaa5).

Make a "sticky footer." You will notice the dark grey footer will always rest just below the content. This is fine whenever your site has enough content to push it down past the height of most monitors. But if there isn't much content in the body, the footer could rest in the middle of the page:


Try to code the footer in a way that it will always remain at the bottom of the page, no matter how short the content is. A sticky footer tutorial can be found here.
Give the Footer the following CSS:
border-top: 8px solid #4aaaa5;
```

